Kronos 1.0 documentation					Belfort 25 april 2002

Kronos use Gem Dynamic Library (LDG) to work, this library can work
on all Gem computer, and can share a lib beetween diffrent client.

This library are support by Dominique Bereziat and Olivier Landemarre

Kronos use this standard library:

	- SCREEN.LDG True Color transformation and screen managment 
	(Guillaume Tello - Olivier Landemarre)
	- IGIF.LDI (an LDG library for a sp‚cific function to load picture)
	this library can load GIF pictures (Pierre Gougelet - Olivier Landemarre)
	- Tiny_GL.LDG very small and incomplete OpenGL like library from 
	Fabrice Bellard (Atari port : Olivier Landemarre)
	
Kronos use specific library for tests (so you can change what you want with
if something you not agree! and you can see source code of this test)

	- CPU.LDG, VDI.LDG, DISK.LDG, FPUxx.LDG
	
	
Kronos is compile with GCC 2.8.1 (Christian Felsh port), Mintlib 48, Mgemlib 40
(http://gemtos.free.fr) and libm (http://gemtos.free.fr)

Apple OpenGL 3D figure come from Eureka software of Francois Le Coat

Raytracing picture was made by Frederic Boudet with Inshape 3 modeler and
raytracer under MagicMac (modeler part) and raytracing was made with the
specific PPC version of raytracer part of Inshape 3 under MacOS

I have made this software with a GEM code g‚n‚rator to manage GEM interface.

Thanks to Francois Le Coat and Eric Reboux for their tests!



To use Kronos you need:

Video : 640 * 400 minimum and black and white, but should be use in 640 * 480
to see all dialogs box.
Memory :  near 4Mo
Systems : no restriction

Better config: True color video (24 -32 bits) and 20Mo of ram


What is Kronos?

Kronos is a bench software.


Bugs :

The alpha version (0.80) failled in 256 colors, TOS<4.0 ... should be fix!
It stay problems with:

MagicPC for Video memory transfert and disk speed tests (cf FAQ). Emulators
results should be in general take with a lot of precautions!

Hades 60 + TOS 3 + cache = Copyback + AES 3, bus error



Tests evaluation in Kronos:

CPU : memory access and operation in the cache of the processor and registers

FPU

STRam speed, Video speed transfert

VDI

Disk speed transfert and access with Fopen() Fread() Fwrite(), Fcreate()
and Fdelete() function system

OpenGL : Good test near true application use FPU and intensive memory access


With this I have port the BYTEBench from the magazine Byte to complete
if you want your tests, to compare with a PC Pentium 90, but it is made for
a P90 not a Falcon! so this could be very long!!!!!!

Comparison refrence file

To work Kronos need a refrence file of results, this file is name DEFAULT.ABH
this file can be replace by an other .ABH file made with Kronos, this file
need to be with all the tests (Has MagicPC can't perform all tests the results
for MagicPC could not become the refrence!). "Results1" and "Results2" can
be load from Kronos menu but can be load at the start if Kronos can find
KRONOS1.ABH and KRONOS2.ABH file in it's directory.

How work Kronos?

